Hide icons from screen readers that have no title (#656)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/silver-onions-decide.md

---
'braid-design-system': patch
---

Hide icons from screen readers that have no title

> Icons used purely as decoration should be hidden from screen readers.

Reviewer: I struggled on rewording this, but feel like we should describe both states rather than just the change.

```suggestion
Icons are mostly used for decorative purposes and as such are now hidden from screen readers unless providing a `title`. In this case, an Icon is identified as an image. 
```
